c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic.dll.config
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CustomerSupportEntity.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CustomerSupportModel.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CustomerSupportEntity.pdb
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\CustomerSupportModel.pdb
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\obj\Debug\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\obj\Debug\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\u\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerSupportSystem\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic\obj\Debug\CustomerSupportBusinessLogic.pdb
